Since Mr. Xu doesn't believe me so much
Then make a bet with me
What to bet
I bet your company will go bankrupt tomorrow
You damn curse me not to mention it
If your company doesn't go bankrupt tomorrow
I will directly compensate you 100 million in cash.
Mr. Cheng is fully responsible for my good discipline
Why are you kidding him?
I'm not kidding.
Manager Gao?
Help me make an appointment for your 100 million in cash
If you go to Gongzi's company tomorrow, it will not go bankrupt.
All this 100 million cash will be given to the son.
By no means the same
Ok Mr. Cheng
I'll arrange it.
Good boy what you said
My company can't go out of business
Just wait to lose, hahaha.
Mr. Chen, why is this necessary?
Go to the dead
I have my own arrangements
Just wait and see the results tomorrow.
Well, it's Mr. Cheng
Mr. Cheng, take a look
The bad debts of Dongguan Financial Company have been exposed
Now all financial companies can't borrow money.
There's already a big financial crisis.
Mr. Cheng, you are too busy
I just can't figure it out
How did this come out?
Guess how the reporter found out
How did the reporter find out?